high elf (common, elvish, draconic) - Soveliss (Syllin)
age:225-300

bard
Gear- (rapier (finess), Diplomat's pack, lute, leather armor and dagger)

Rapier-2 lb.
Leather armor (leather)- 10 lb.
Dagger- 1 lb.
lute- 2 lb.
pan flute- 1 lb.
viol- 1 lb.
bedroll- 7 lb.
chest- 25 lb.
(2) cases for map/scrolls- 1 lb each. 
fine clothes- 6 lb.
lamp- 1 lb.
(2) flask of oil- 1 lb each.

Trinkets (ask about picking just one)- Bright green feather, gnome-crafted music box with a song from childhood, dragon talon necklace, fragmented song, a four leaf clover in a book of etiquette, book of a hero missing the last chapter

Carry weight (15 times strength roll): 

Need high dex., int., and char.

30 ft move speed

Stat bonuses from race: Dex +2, Dark vision (dim light 60ft is bright, darkness is dim light), Proficitency in perception (wisd.), adv. on saving throws against charm, immune to sleep, 4 hour meditation instead of sleep (semiconscious).

High elf gains: int. +1, 1 wizard cantrip (int. based), extra language (draconic).
Proficiency: longsword, shortsword, shortbow, and longbow.

Bonuses from bard: 1d8 per elvel (hp restore die), 8+const (lvl 1 hp).
proficiencys: light armor, simple weapons, hand crossbows, longswords, rapiers, shortswords, three instruments (lute, pan flute, and viol), saving throws: Dex. and char., Skills: Performance (char.), Investigation (int.), (acrobatics, persuasion, something else.)

Life style: comfortable - aristocratic (earned through many, many years of work and renowned tales)

Proficiency bonuses: 1-4 is +2, 5-8 is +3, 9-12 is +4, 13-16 is +5, and 17-20 is +6
These should apply to skillchecks, attack rolls with weapons and spells, Ability checks for tools, and saving throws for magic and normal.

Story:
(entertainer with modification) From a young age he showed talent in music and even the magical qualities of a bard. He worked to perfect every quality of his work, playing day and night until he could effortlessly play masterpieces. During his youth he started a few short ventures into the neighboring towns around the woods he lived in, and it was there that he learned how to speak the common language, taking several years until finally being proficient enough to play to the level of perfection he set for himself. As he was nearing adulthood he met a fellow bard, a female dragon born. She told him that her name was Norixius Nala. She was sadly not received as well as Soveliss, however after explaining her kin and with some of the older members of the community recalling a few other dragon born that had come through, she was allowed to play at the same place that Soveliss was. At first he was cautious around the new comer, but over the coming weeks they began to relate to one another. She told him of many things and sung several songs in her own language. As this time continued Soveliss expressed an interest and wished to learn the language and traditions, and she agreed to teach him. Over several years she returned annually, always spending a few weeks before moving on. During that time she taught Soveliss about the Draconic language, songs, and traditions. On the eve of his hundredth birthday the bard left him a gift: two pages of a beautiful song that was incomplete. He had expressed interest in them when she told him about them, but she was reluctant to give them up. He found them in a letter, given to him by the inn keeper that hosted both of them. When he asked about the bard the man said that she had left without word of where she was going or of why she left it for him. She never returned again to that village. When she never came back, he began his travels, looking for the bard, but to no avail. Years passed and eventually he decided that she had passed. After a period of mourning he returned to his travels, working to unravel the mysterious song. He traveled as a bard, working and earning a reputation as he searched for the rest of the song. This continued on for one hundred years until the start of the story.